docs: refactoring the proof market documentation (#67)
NilFoundation/proof-market-toolchain: gitbook-docs/getting-started/environment-setup.md

---
description: Environment setup for the Proof Market CLI
---

# Environment setup

This guide describes how to set up packages/libraries required to interact
with the Proof Market through the command line.

## Dependencies

> On *nix systems, the following dependencies need to be installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Debian systems, the following dependencies need to be installed:
```

```bash

>     build-essential \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apt install -y
    build-essential \
```

    libssl-dev \
    cmake \
    clang-12 \
    git \
    autoconf \
    libc-ares-dev \
    libfmt-dev \
    gnutls-dev \
    liblz4-dev \
    libprotobuf-dev \
    libyaml-cpp-dev \
    libhwloc-dev \
    pkg-config \
    xfslibs-dev \
    systemtap-sdt-dev
```

You can install the required dependencies for Debian systems via the following command:

```shell
sudo apt install build-essential libssl-dev cmake clang-12 git autoconf libc-ares-dev libfmt-dev gnutls-dev liblz4-dev libprotobuf-dev libyaml-cpp-dev libhwloc-dev pkg-config xfslibs-dev systemtap-sdt-dev

> ```

Reviewer: we don't need to duplicate this part

### Boost

[Boost](https://www.boost.org) can be installed either manually or from the distributive's repository.
Make sure you are installing **version 1.76**.
Follow [this guide](https://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_76_0/more/getting_started/unix-variants.html)
to install this version manually.

> {% hint style="danger" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
```

> We are aware of compilation issues with Boost and clang.
> Use the recommended versions of the libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the recommended versions of the libraries to avoid compilation issues:
```
